# Fusion Holónica de Información

Repository associated with Horacio Paggi's PhD Thesis and the scientific publications derived from it. The [PhD Thesis](https://oa.upm.es/54198/) is entitled "Modelo de fusión holónica de información para la mejora de la calidad de la información en redes peer-to-peer con recursos limitados", and is directed by Professors Javier Soriano and Juan A. Lara. The Thesis presents a model that fuses information, applying holonic principles, with the aim of improving the quality of information in networks with limited resources.

Regarding the scientific publications derived from the Thesis, among others, there is the article "Structures generated in a multiagent system performing information fusion in peer-to-peer resource-constrained networks" published in the journal [Neural Computing and Applications](https://doi.org/10.1007/s00521-018-3818-1). This publication describes the proposed mechanisms for generating holons in the presented information fusion model, highlighting the advantages of such holonic structures.

## Code

The repository contains the Python programs used to generate data in the research. Often, a program is repeated with slight variations, as numerous experiments were conducted with different parameter configurations. The programs named "simulador*" simulated the execution of the MAS with different parameter values. Those named "analizador*" analyzed the logs generated by the simulator.

## Data

Throughout the PhD Thesis and its associated publications, case studies were presented from the "Car Evaluation" dataset with DOI [10.24432/C5JP48](http://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/19/car+evaluation) with information relating to vehicles, provided in the UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository. 

## Repository structure

```
├── *.py        # Python scripts used
├── LICENSE     # Code license
└── README.md   # Project summary
```

## References

Paggi, H., Lara, J.A. & Soriano, J. Structures generated in a multiagent system performing information fusion in peer-to-peer resource-constrained networks. Neural Comput & Applic 32, 16367–16385 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/s00521-018-3818-1. DOI: [10.1007/s00521-018-3818-1](https://doi.org/10.1007/s00521-018-3818-1).

```tex
@article{Paggi_2018,
   title={Structures generated in a multiagent system performing information fusion in peer-to-peer resource-constrained networks},
   volume={32},
   ISSN={1433-3058},
   url={http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00521-018-3818-1},
   DOI={10.1007/s00521-018-3818-1},
   number={21},
   journal={Neural Computing and Applications},
   publisher={Springer Science and Business Media LLC},
   author={Paggi, Horacio and Lara, Juan A. and Soriano, Javier},
   year={2018},
   month=oct, pages={16367–16385}}

```
